Docs (#11)
kinvolk/headlamp: docs/contributing.md

# Contribution Guidelines

> This section has a number of is an introduction on how to development in
> Headlamp. It assumes you have cloned this repository (or your own Github fork).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section serves as an introduction on how to contribute to Headlamp; getting started, development practices, filing issues, etc..
It assumes you have cloned this repository (or your own Github fork).
```

> Any contribution to the project means you agree with the terms of the project's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any contributions to the project are accepted under the terms of the project's
```

license ([Apache 2.0](../LICENSE)).

## Filing an issue or feature request

> Please use the Github issue tracker for filing any bugs you find or features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use the [project's issue tracker](https://github.com/kinvolk/headlamp/issues) for filing any bugs you find or features
```

discuss the implementation with the project's maintainers.

## Build the code

Headlamp is composed by a `backend` and a `frontend`.

You can build both the `backend` and `frontend` by running.

```bash
make
```

Or individually:

```bash
make backend
```

and

```bash
make frontend
```

## Run the code

The quickest way to get the `backend` and `frontend` running for development is
the following (respectively):

```bash
make run-backend
```

and in a different terminal instance:

```bash
make run-frontend
```

## Build a Docker image

The following command builds a Docker image for Headlamp from the current
source. It will run the `frontend` from a `backend`'s static server, and
options can be appended to the main command as arguments.

```bash
make image
```

### Coding style

The coding style for `backend` and `frontend` should be consistent.
For helping and verifying that, we have go and js linters.

For linting the `backend` and `frontend`, use the following commands
(respectively):

```bash
make backend-lint
```

```bash
make frontend-lint
```

The linters are also run in the CI system, so any PRs you create will be

> tested for the coding style too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tested for compliance with the coding style.
```

To speed up a review from the project's maintainers, please make sure that
the CI checks are passing for your PR.

## Commit guidelines

The title of the commit message should be a brief _what_ the changes do.
The body of the commit message should be about _why_ the change was needed,
and it is needed almost all of the times, except for very obvious and small
changes (typos, lint fixes, etc.).

Keep commits atomic as much as possible, i.e. if there are changes that are
unrelated to the _why_ explanation for the commit, they probably belong to
another commit. This keeps things independent and easier to review (and
"independent" changes are not lost when a commit has to be reverted).

For anything that is not covered in this section, please refer to this
[article](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/) on how to write very good
 commit messages.

### Commit format

```

> <area>: <Description of changes>

Reviewer: Perhaps provide a list of possible `areas` in this section.

Author: It's already under it as you saw.

Detailed information about the commit message goes here
```

The `<area>` part of the commit for now is either `backend`, `frontend`, or
`docs`.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For `<area>` you should use one of the following: "backend", "frontend", "docs", "tests".
```

Author: We don't have `tests` and I don't know if we will or if it will be contained within the backend/frontend. So I will keep the current notice.
